[ECK 3.3] - Update Stack Config Policies release documentation (#4675)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/elastic-stack-configuration-policies.md

* [{{kib}} Configuration](kibana://reference/configuration-reference/general-settings.md) (configuration settings for {{kib}} that will go into `kibana.yml`)
* [{{kib}} Secure Settings](../../security/k8s-secure-settings.md)

A policy can be applied to one or more {{es}} clusters or {{kib}} instances in any namespace managed by the ECK operator. Configuration policy settings applied by the ECK operator are immutable through the {{es}} REST API.

With ECK `3.3.0` and later, multiple {{stack}} configuration policies can target the same {{es}} cluster and {{kib}} instance. When multiple policies target the same resource, the policy with the highest `weight` value takes precedence. If multiple policies have the same `weight` value, the operator reports a conflict. 

::::{admonition} Scale considerations

> While there is no hard limit on how many `StackConfigPolicy` resources can target the same {{es}} cluster or {{kib}} instance, targeting a single resource with more than 100 policies can increase total reconciliation time to several minutes. For optimal performance, combine related settings into fewer policies rather than creating many granular ones.

Author: ok makes total sense, thanks for the proposal

The following fields are optional:

> * `weight` is an integer that determines the priority of this policy when multiple policies target the same resource. [introduced in ECK `3.3.0` - See [Policy priority and weight](#k8s-stack-config-policy-priority-weight) for details]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3+``weight` is an integer that determines the priority of this policy when multiple policies target the same resource. Refer to [Policy priority and weight](#k8s-stack-config-policy-priority-weight) for details.
```

> * `weight` is an integer that determines the priority of this policy when multiple policies target the same resource. Lower weight values have higher priority. The default value is `0`. When multiple policies have the same `weight` value and target the same resource, the operator reports a conflict.

Reviewer 2: In case the `weight` field is only available on ECK 3.3.0+ should we identify it in any way?

@shainaraskas , what would be your suggestion there for the bulleted list?

    - secretName: kibana-shared-secret
```

Example showing how multiple `StackConfigPolicy` resources can target the same Elasticsearch cluster, with `weight` determining which policy takes precedence:

```yaml
# Policy with higher priority (lower weight)
apiVersion: stackconfigpolicy.k8s.elastic.co/v1alpha1
kind: StackConfigPolicy
metadata:
  name: high-priority-policy
spec:

>   weight: 0  # Lower weight = higher priority

Author: I think the least intrusive change now is to flip the semantics higher weight  = higher priority. Would you like me to open a PR and flip these?

PS: IIRC there were some comments requesting that behaviour (lower weight = higher priority) in the initial PR but that's irrelevant.

* appends `<namespace>-<esName>` to `path` for an HDFS repository

> ## Policy priority and weight [k8s-stack-config-policy-priority-weight]

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Policy priority and weight [k8s-stack-config-policy-priority-weight]
```{applies_to}
deployment:
  eck: ga 3.3+
```
````

The `weight` field is an integer that determines the priority of a policy when multiple `StackConfigPolicy` resources target the same {{es}} cluster or {{kib}} instance. When multiple policies target the same resource, policies are evaluated in order of their `weight` values (from highest to lowest). Settings from policies with lower `weight` values take precedence and overwrite settings from policies with higher `weight` values. The policy with the lowest `weight` value has the highest priority.

The `weight` field is optional and defaults to `0` if not specified. Lower weight values have higher priority.

::::{important}

> **Conflict resolution**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{important} - Conflict resolution
```
